we lost a really really good man in John
manner during the off season although
Johnny's life was cut far too short it
truly was a life worth celebrating so
he's former clubs the Sharks and the
eels have come together to form the John
manner cup hooks will be played this
weekend at Parramatta in his honor this
wig Aaron Mulgrew DUP with Tim and his
brothers for their first television
interview since losing Johnny and you'll
see that although Johnny's passing was
tragic the last thing the matter family
want you to feel is sadness
so let's look back and remember an
inspirational men will be there take my
place last year we brought you the story
of Tim and Johnny Manor it was a story
of hope friendship and above all bravery
is Johnny faced not one but two battles
of Hodgkin's lymphoma shaft
fast play the ball Morris John man
crashes oh Christ
and sadly less than 12 months later
Johnny lost his battle with cancer and
passed away with his beloved family by
his side there they are the brothers
manner John on Tim and a paddle needed
for brother it's been three months since
the mana family lost Johnny and today we
speak to all of his brothers as they
open up about his life and what happened
in his final moments a couple days
before he passed he got told that the
cancer Rich's liver when it reaches your
liver and the doctors tell you there's
nothing else I can do because all
chemotherapy goes through your liver I
was wantin I was thinking because you
know I was wondering metals enable I'll
be taking I asked him I said oh yeah
he's scared you know like what are you
thinking right now
and just a confidence and you know an
easy answer just saying I'm not scared
at all you know I know where I'm going
but he heals more worried about the
people you know I said you know Graham
my grandpa should have to see this and
mum and dad should have to see this
happened to me and so he was more
worried about you know whatever else is
feeling the day before he passed
briefings training early and my mum had
been at the hospital for about three
weeks and I went into a school take care
in that afternoon and that was probably
the worst day he's had you know the
painkillers had no effect on him using
his crew shouting pain I was thinking I
remember driving home at like nine
o'clock that night thinking I don't know
how he's gonna keep taking this pain
like I don't have that night and about
2:30 the morning my phone rang and I
just kinda had a feeling like I knew I
knew it was happening I knew what
phone's about I was mum saying joining
you've just been told that it's not
gonna make it through the night so you
know we obviously all rushed in to see
him and that's when the doctor said to
him will you're not gonna make it
through the night well he likes give you
morphine with just something to ease the
pain and just see you don't feel it and
then he asked well if you do that but my
going to be out of it and I said yeah
you won't really know I'm tying on and
he said nah I wanna be a good bye to
everyone so he said what families who
want to come in and he chose who who can
come in because again I have about 30
people there because that's just you
know Johnny you just don't have the
people around him so we all went in
there in the middle tonight and I
remember walking in thinking you know
last time I saw him a few hours ago he
was you know just hurting and in pain
and to come in a couple hours later and
just see just a smile on his face and
just at peace he had all over him was
blew me away I was like cowsy how's he
doing this the last bus he said goodbye
to his a friend Alex you know waking
I'll say Johnny you know alex is here to
say goodbye and he got excited and
please hand out solo and open his eyes
it's like I heard and the lights off and
I was just like really daunting to see
you know his eyes fully open and him
saying you know
so obviously by that stage note larrikin
the carbon dioxide of something doesn't
get to your brain so that's what was
happening to him
everyone kind of left in his left us our
family with him and this is such a
special time that yeah that last you
know 4045 minutes oh we just got to just
talk to him and just you know just seem
smiled what towards the end was just
like how good's his time again you know
we've got a chance to say goodbye to him
and we honestly you know our faith we
don't feel like we said goodbye to him I
said you know we never see you again it
was almost like you know we'll see you
soon so I think God loves us please last
words because you know we just kept
telling house we love them and you said
yeah I love you God loves us
[Music]
Oh
the funeral kind of blow us away just I
mean turning up to the funeral then just
seeing over 3,000 people were packed
into the church I mean for us are just a
huge moment and it was really
overwhelming for us of the family the
whole thing wasn't like hard to go
through it was actually was actually
kind of easy and kind of like peaceful
you know if you told me a month before
he passes her and dial so taking really
a look you know I don't want to live if
he's on a lot but then to be oh not even
questioning I even worry about where he
is just because I just got that peace
about it
Johnny didn't just leave behind a loving
family but a group of guys that were so
much more than teammates in his honor
his two former clubs will now play for
the John manner cup a tribute to a man
whose NRL career was cut cruelly short
but whose legacy will last a lifetime
I mean were one of his first sessions
were on the hills I think he actually
beat Timmy and Timmy Timmy was known as
as you know one of it but they fit us
forward at the clubs and then you're
looking at Johnny and he's just huge
just ripped up and and the same come
around the corner everyone's just
spinning out and he was you know one of
the best trainers I've ever seen you
guys were good friends so what drew you
to him as a mate it's better looking
played the better manner develop brother
he's a good bike he's always happy and I
always make me make me laugh
we need someone what did you learn from
him oh definitely strength um
how he how he had so much strength and
courage to get through it how would you
guys like Kevin I remember John
as a better manner brother um yeah
Johnny I know how I remember me on me
like he's like you know he's probably
one of the one of the best waves most
unearthed folks that are you know I've
ever met fooey
do you miss him Oh hundred percent today
sometimes you mocking won't see me and
an ox if you listen you know what he
make me strong because he's strong and
kind of my sin on Roma seems how much
more will it mean to you to run out for
the Johnny Manor cup always always
remember him I think it's you know it's
obviously ain't going to be a great
night
you know something night to uh you know
remember remember his career and in his
life we're pretty humble but you know
someone like my little brother can have
such an impact and you know it's a
really huge honor that you know they've
done is Johnny maddick up 95 Eagles but
some sharks as well so we as a family
were very grateful he didn't pay a whole
lot of freak like you know I think
there's about 24 games you've played and
for a kid like that to have such a big
impact in so many lives and there's such
a strong legacy and that's something
that I'd take a lot of peace from
knowing that here that a positive impact
in a lot of times we don't know why God
does things but you know when you look
back and you see the impact he's had you
definitely make sense and definitely
something I'm grateful for
I think I'll learn you know how fragile
life can be and you know we don't all
have as long as we think sometimes on
you know on this planet Earth and you
know I just learned to enjoy my time and
and take you know advantage of every
every bit of time what we have here and
um I guess that's what I'm thankful for
[Music]
[Applause]